# CS-250
Prompt
For this course, submit the Sprint Review and Retrospective deliverable from your Final Project. This deliverable pulls together the agile and Scrum practices that you have applied throughout this course.
Once you have submitted this artifact, update the README file in your repository and include your answers to each of the questions below. These prompts are some of the “essential questions” for the Computer Science program. You will encounter these questions in different courses throughout the program. They are open-ended and meant to help you engage with “big ideas” in the field. You could include the questions and write a few sentences in response to each one, or you could write a paragraph or two weaving together all of your answers.


•	How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Interpreting user needs into actionable items can be a challenge. It can be difficult to fully capture a client’s vision and implement it. User stories help with this problem by breaking down the overall vision into walled off segments which can be acted on. This user story will give an overall goal of this portion of the software, perhaps even a direct quote, in addition to specific requirements for how this portion of the project will look when it’s done. This specificity in requirements helps developers and testers ensure that they deliver a product which aligns with what the author of the user story intended. If the client agrees with the user story then that will help ensure that they receive what they asked for; otherwise there is always another sprint.


•	How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
The real power of the agile process will come in whenever there is collaboration between multiple people. I haven’t yet had the opportunity to work with anyone else when developing a piece of software, however after this course I will be better equipped to adapt to the office environment if they are already following the agile process. Later in my career I may be able to offer some assistance in the restructuring process, if needed.
For now, one of the advantages to the approach is that by design it encourages modularity rather than inter-dependance. Developing in this way can certainly help to adapt to a change in specification. Spending less time planning everything all at once can also help; this is not to say that one should jump in without any planning, but rather attempting to silo ideas into portions of the code will allow for smaller planning sessions spread out over time rather than a lot of up-front planning causing a paralysis of analysis, which has hindered me before.


•	What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
In order for the scrum process to work correctly, every team member needs to be capable of communicating with their team members. Without adequate communication, a team member not informing team mates of their work could lead to duplication of work or issues with compatibility or testing. One advantage of the scrum process is that it encourages formalizing a specific time and place for daily meetings to occur; as long as each team member shows up to that meeting it will provide the opportunity for team members to contribute. The suggested questions to ask each team member encourage active participation; each team member will, at minimum, discuss what they worked on yesterday, what they will be working on today, and whether there is anything preventing them from achieving their goals. Other factors of making a good team member might be helping other team members resolve the issues inhibiting them. Being an especially productive team member is helpful, but even a mediocre performer can be a solid member of a team so long as they can meaningfully communicate and participate in the team effort.

